docs(website): fix incorrect example about the `contains` function (#22499)
vectordotdev/vector: website/content/en/guides/level-up/transformation.md

      # If the log message contains the phrase "Great Scott!", set the new field
      # "critical" to true, otherwise set it to false. If the "contains" function
      # errors, log the error (instead of aborting the script, as above).

>       if (is_critical = contains(.message, "Great Scott!"); is_critical) {

Reviewer: Hm, took another look. This is still a fallible assignment per: [playground](https://playground.vrl.dev/?state=eyJwcm9ncmFtIjoiLmlzX2NyaXRpY2FsLCAuZXJyID0gY29udGFpbnMoLm1lc3NhZ2UsIFwiR3JlYXQgU2NvdHQhXCIpXG4gICAgXG4uaXNfY3JpdGljYWwyID0gY29udGFpbnMoLm1lc3NhZ2UsIFwiR3JlYXQgU2NvdHQhXCIpIiwiZXZlbnQiOnsibWVzc2FnZSI6IkdyZWF0ICEifSwiaXNfanNvbmwiOmZhbHNlLCJlcnJvciI6bnVsbH0%3D)

What we want instead is:
```
is_critical = contains(string!(.message), "Great Scott!")
```

Author: Thanks @pront, appreciate the suggestion.

However, the code you gave ended up displaying a different warning message.

```
warning[E620]: can't abort infallible function
   ┌─ :17:28
   │
17 │     is_critical = contains(string!(.message), "Great Scott!")
   │                            ^^^^^^- remove this abort (!) instruction
   │                            │
   │                            this function can't fail
   │
```

So I thought about it, and it seems that all VRL functions might become **fallible** if an argument of type `any` is used where a specific type is required.
In this guide, Vector could infer that `.message` is a string, so `contains` was actually able to run as an infallible function, just as [documented](https://vector.dev/docs/reference/vrl/functions/#contains). (Am I understanding this correctly?)

It looks like we can use `contains` as-is in this guide. What do you think?

Plus, since I'm not familiar with Vector yet, I was a bit confused. It might be helpful to document cases like this so that beginners like me are aware that functions can potentially fail in such situations.

Reviewer: Did you have a chance to experiment with our [VRL playground](https://playground.vrl.dev/?state=eyJwcm9ncmFtIjoiLnJvb3RfdHlwZSA9IHR5cGVfZGVmKC5tZXNzYWdlKVxuLm1lc3NhZ2VfdHlwZSA9IHR5cGVfZGVmKC5tZXNzYWdlKVxuLmlzX2NyaXRpY2FsLCAuZXJyID0gY29udGFpbnMoLm1lc3NhZ2UsIFwiR3JlYXQgU2NvdHQhXCIpIiwiZXZlbnQiOnsibWVzc2FnZSI6IkdyZWF0ICEifSwiaXNfanNvbmwiOmZhbHNlLCJlcnJvciI6bnVsbH0%3D)?

Take a look at the type definition. The compiler cannot assume the types for `.` or for `.message`. This means if your incoming `.message` holds an integer, the `contains` call will fail.

> the code you gave ended up displaying a different warning message
Examine the result of `.message_type = type_def(.message)` in your context. This is a common gotcha with VRL, the type information the compiler has changes based on the context.

Author: In my context, which is [the transformation guide](https://vector.dev/guides/level-up/transformation/), Vector can infer the type of `.message` as bytes, so I thought converting bytes to bytes is unnecessary.

```
is_critical = contains(.message, "Great Scott!") # We can use this instead of lines below

is_critical = contains(string(.message), "Great Scott!")  # unnecessary
is_critical = contains(string!(.message), "Great Scott!") # warning
```

> Did you have a chance to experiment with our [VRL playground](https://playground.vrl.dev/?state=eyJwcm9ncmFtIjoiLnJvb3RfdHlwZSA9IHR5cGVfZGVmKC5tZXNzYWdlKVxuLm1lc3NhZ2VfdHlwZSA9IHR5cGVfZGVmKC5tZXNzYWdlKVxuLmlzX2NyaXRpY2FsLCAuZXJyID0gY29udGFpbnMoLm1lc3NhZ2UsIFwiR3JlYXQgU2NvdHQhXCIpIiwiZXZlbnQiOnsibWVzc2FnZSI6IkdyZWF0ICEifSwiaXNfanNvbmwiOmZhbHNlLCJlcnJvciI6bnVsbH0%3D)?

Yeah, thanks, that was really helpful.
I saw a message indicating that `.message` is of type `any`.
That's why I assumed that the `contains` call could fail in contexts like the VRL playground, where the compiler couldn't infer the argument's type.

Reviewer: Before we close this thread, what context are you running this example in? Did you perhaps set log namespacing to `true`?

Reviewer: Actually, we can repurpose this PR and summarize what we discussed here. I believe the community will greatly benefit from this.

Reviewer: > No. I just copied the code from the guide

Gotcha, ok. Then here's an easy change. We can accept your suggested change to the example. And also provide a playground URL like the one I shared above and write a small section explaining that the actual VRL program might depending on the execution context (VRL CLI, Remap, Playground etc.) and also if log namespacing is set `true`.

Author: Alright, I can do that.
But I saw [a blog post](https://vector.dev/blog/log-namespacing/) about namespacing, yet I couldn't find any reference to it in the [official documentation](https://vector.dev/docs/reference/configuration/global-options/#schema.log_namespace).

Reviewer: You can link to the blog post if necessary. Although, I would keep it as short as possible. Since this is supposed to be a quick example.

  `.foo[0]`, `.foo.bar`, `.foo.bar[0]`, and so on to reference subfields, array
  indices, and more.

{{< info >}}
Note that VRL functions can behave differently depending on the execution context.

> For example, the `contains` function seemed infallible above,
> but it will fail if `.message` is not a string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, the `contains` function above is infallible when ran inside a Vector/Remap process if the compiler can detect that the type of `.message` is a string. 
```
